[Autogenerated] Now let's move on to custom logging within CloudWatch.
Now we know that CloudWatch contains logs,
but what's cool about it is we can actually push our own
custom logging to CloudWatch for us to use.
Now,
this is very useful in enterprises where we want to measure
specific metrics that error not offered by CloudWatch.
So we have our CloudWatch services,
and then we obviously have Our aws resource is here that have
a native built in CloudWatch integration.
But then we have our data center on premise.
Resource is like maybe some of our servers,
like VMS or rack servers or even i o t sensors that live in
a warehouse somewhere reporting data.
Now, these utilize what's called the CloudWatch agent.
Now,
this is something we configure on our servers in our resource is so
we can push data to CloudWatch to capture it in R.
A.
W s account for aggregated view.
Now, we're gonna go ahead and move on to a demo so I can show you how this works,
and we're gonna look at pushing custom logs to
CloudWatch from an on premise server.
Now, in this demo, it's going to be an easy to instance,
because that's just easier to do.
But we're going to pretend that it's on Prem and I'm
going to send a custom log to AWS, so let's go ahead and move on to that clip now.